.github/README.md, before:

![new logo](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/49960770/212420359-aea418eb-e5e5-49b4-8564-8257d0cbae57.png)  
#### logo by: Midjourney


# Crafting Table
A crafting-table is third-party for creating database functions of repository layer.
It uses `sqlx` package to connect to database and querying to database.


## Installation
You can install `Crafting-Table` package by using this command:

```bash
go install github.com/snapp-incubator/crafting-table@latest
```

# How to use Crafting Table?
The command for creating functions is as below:

```bash
crafting-table manifest apply <manifest-file-path>
```

## Manifest File
The manifest file is a yaml file that contains the information about the functions that you want to create.  
You can find more details about the manifest file in [here](https://github.com/snapp-incubator/crafting-table/blob/master/.github/docs/manifest.md).

# Help Us
You can contribute to improving this tool by sending pull requests or issues on GitHub.  
Please send us your feedback. Thanks!

Commit message:

🗄 add query builder generator (#62)
* WIP: query builder generator command

* improvements to query builder

* select all method

* improvements, fromRows, better template structure

* toRows

* many improvements:

- internal fields of query builder are now encapsulated through having
  an interface generated for each query builder
- finisher methods for query builder
- Limit & Offset support

* orderby

* update example

* getPlaceholder function

* more future proof generator

* dismantle type logics from template code

* fix template errors

* new experimental api

* remove old orderby api

* starting testing and fixing bugs

* updates, generating test maybe

* fix update queries

* test delete

* Adds a small test to test where, limit, offset combined

* some changes based on @nima comments

* small rename

* update readme

* change something

* remove examples

* remove new line

* fix reviews

* remove readme

* remove Makefile

* readme

* changelog

.github/README.md, after:

![new logo](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/49960770/212420359-aea418eb-e5e5-49b4-8564-8257d0cbae57.png)  
#### logo by: Midjourney


# Crafting Table
A crafting-table is third-party for creating database functions of repository layer.
It uses `sqlx` package to connect to database and querying to database.


## Installation
You can install `Crafting-Table` package by using this command:

```bash
go install github.com/snapp-incubator/crafting-table@latest
```

# How to use Crafting Table?
The command for creating functions is as below:

```bash
crafting-table manifest apply <manifest-file-path>
```

## Manifest File
The manifest file is a yaml file that contains the information about the functions that you want to create.  
You can find more details about the manifest file in [here](https://github.com/snapp-incubator/crafting-table/blob/master/.github/docs/manifest.md).

# Query Builder Generator
Query builder generator will generate a fully featured query builder based on your code base. You can find more details about `Query Builder Generator` in [here](https://github.com/snapp-incubator/crafting-table/blob/master/.github/docs/query-builder-generator.md)

# Help Us
You can contribute to improving this tool by sending pull requests or issues on GitHub.  
Please send us your feedback. Thanks!
